**Aug 28, 2023:**

(Note: I've decided to write in prose instead of a new line for every sentence bc that takes up too much space)

Wow, one whole day w/o seeing people in the apt. AMAZING. Not having to be bothered with requests and other pesky/obvious (to me) inquiries is a rare treat. One thing that isn't so fun about being on campus however is that the food options are beginning to get old. I don't know how much longer I can eat TapEx and BK for. Guess it might be time to branch out to some Santorini omelette and Subway and Blue Pepper or stuff from home.

Spent too long in PC Theater area watching YouTube. Don't get me wrong, some videos were actually wholesome but then things took a darker turn when I signed out of my normal account to view some...other stuff. Should have only watched one video around 30m long. The thing is, the shorter videos aren't as satisfying so you have to watch more of them and you underestimate the time you've spent so you're like, that was only 5 min, we got time. But what ends up happening is that a bunch of short videos eventually add up to more than the 30m "super long" videos you were avoiding. So in trying to save time, it ends up accomplishing the exact opposite.

Is August really ending on Thursday??? Anyways I'm heading to bed bc there's a lot more that could be said about the weekend adventure but I need to make up for lost/wasted time or else there will be a perpetual lagging distance that I have, whether that's being behind on lectures, hw, PAs, sleep, exercise, etc. But sleep is the foundation for all the other stuff bc if you're behind on sleep, then all the other stuff gets dragged away with it.

One last thing: although I was feeling a bit disillusioned with Fremont and life last summer and feeling super empty inside with a lack of fulfillment, one of the good things about that experience was that it's why I currently don't feel the need to return home SUPER often (like seriously what's the big deal about returning home when it's not during the major holidays or for some emergency? Haven't you lived there at least a decade at this point??? What do you think changed and what do you think is waiting for you there? Are you suddenly going to have an awesome time with your old high school buddies? Hang out with a bunch of awesome new people? Talk about super meaningful life stuff? No, of course not! As much as I would like to believe otherwise. But, you protest, this is not so for the wahman. To that, I say, the wahman is much more social and they tend to gain more friends throughout life. Thus, I know the wahman will often like hanging out with her friends from back in the day but for guys, it's not that simple. I literally have no genuine friends who are willing to hang out often besides Ed. Drifted apart from high school friends, haven't talked to HOC3 church people in years, Rohan is busy all the time, and it's just not worth the effort trying to start new friendships in a place where you're only present at most a month or two out of the year. Long distance relationships aren't really my thing bc like I said, I hate having to explain so much stuff to provide context only for the other person to not even care like ok whatever man. And I hate texting casually bc there's literally no point if it's not about something that's going to happen soon irl. And then there's the recent phenomenon I noticed where you kind of need some space from people you live with to collect your thoughts and really think about life and just recharge in general. Or maybe that's just me. Some people hate being alone and think they have to be with someone every waking moment of the day. Which is pretty ridiculous if you ask me since idk, don't you have those interests or tendencies of yours that are so esoteric that literally nobody else would completely understand? I'll give you some examples: I used to be super into clothes and "drip" and admittedly, part of me today wouldn't mind getting a large trench coat and boots and a silver wig and headscarf. As of now, I'm more into becoming a more learned person, so understanding stuff from American history, literature, and culture, particularly from the 19th century. Also classical stuff like Latin and philosophy. I'm also trying to refine my choices of entertainment so towards becoming a thinker/philosopher, I'd want to watch operas or go to symphonies and peruse art galleries. Then there's stuff like watching old black and white films and musicals and reading newspapers or listening to radio broadcasts which is stuff from the 20th century. Oh! Also penning letters / keeping journals about life.

And what if you want to reflect on your life and stuff? You're gonna do that with someone looking over your shoulder? Personally I find I can think best when I'm alone. But not for too long! Otherwise I start losing my sanity. So if I'm suffering through hw or studying, I would like to be around other people at, for example, the Geisel table. But if it's just a peaceful solo activity, then there's really no need for that many people around. I don't want to have to explain every little thing I'm doing bc to do so would take too long and also it's not relevant. What may appear strange to you, is actually quite natural for me and also I'm the one thinking to myself so it's really to help myself in a way, not to entertain you
