**Nov 02, 2023**

My earlier writing wasn't saved after switching tab groups. I'm infuriated.

Jk guys, I mainly just talked about how the really low humidity was doing a number on me bc I was guzzling water and my lips were still dry. And you know how Sichuan is super humid? I'm not advocating for any rainforest weather but ≥ 50% humidity seems more reasonable than the 37% we have right now. 

Yesterday, Sebastian and I got Ridgewalk Social burgers. Discovered RS sauce itself has a citrus tang, not the burger itself. It was my first meal of the day and outdoor dining was very comfortable, except for the fly and yellowjackets buzzing around. Also I'm headed to Riverside to visit Ed for Veterans Day weekend, which marks my first long-term departure from SD since June. I know Sebastian and I went on hikes in the surrounding cities this summer and I spent quite some time alone in Geisel or near SunGod lawn or in the park during summer but it didn't really feel like a true escape bc people I know can still reach me so it's like come on bruh, I want to REALLY escape and reset for some time. Then when I return home, I can view life with fresh eyes. 

Also this winter, I'm no longer tripping over old high school friends. I'm so over it. No more connections to old friends bc they've sadly either changed in unfavorable ways (became frat guys) or just got super busy and it's like I'm only in Fremont a few weeks out of the year so it's really not worth maintaining or forging connections with people when there's not even regular contact. Because although I'm beginning to see that time goes by super fast now, it's also true that people can drastically change in as little as a month or two so imagine how much someone can change in the course of half a year or a year.

Also I'm thinking I'll go to the sunday service in Riverside. And regarding the winter road trip to Oregon and Washington, I think perhaps I'll visit Mr. Garcia and also the Seattle ministry. 


&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

**Nov 09, 2023**

Only three pick-ups today. Not bad! But it's not today that I wanted to talk about. I really wanted to talk about yesterday and the past week overall. It's crazy how quick your mood can change, not just from music but real life. That's one of the reasons why I don't usually let my emotions drive me. Well, when I lose my temper or have pride for something like my culture or hometown/surrounding area then this is difficult. I'd rather feel through music. It's hard for me to understand how someone could let their emotions ruin their whole day. I mean, I guess it depends on what happend. Soph yr and the loneliness did that to me, but that wasn't a mood, it was a general atmosphere that loomed over. Maybe it's just the way I was brought up and my personality but it's kind of hard for me to get super caught up in what other people are going through to the point of crying over it and it's not that I don't care about them but realistically what do you want me to do about it? Besides praying, there's not much else. If they're suffering from something they got themselves into like not being proactive enough, I wouldn't waste tears over it. It would be nice if everyone passed a class, for example, but of course there are always those people who fail whether from not caring or personal circumstances or from the class's sheer difficulty. But the professor isn't going to cry about some people failing. In this case as a student, I would advise taking care of your own studying, instead of being overly concerned with how others are doing, just for mental clarity and since you can't control what they do. 

Mainly this is about how Ryan has been thinking so much about our class as a whole lately and feeling burdened. I don't know the exact details since he didn't feel comfortable sharing that much. But what I think it is is that he's sort of expecting the class to be at X, but they're somewhere else, say Y. The thing is, we can't rush along a relationship with God. Sure, it would be nice if everyone went to many events and did their DTs consistently but what are the chances of 100% of our class doing that 365(or 366)/24/7? Pretty slim, right? Does that mean we're absolute failures? By no means! Does that mean we're perfect? Of course not! But we're people. As John Ko was talking about yesterday, people make their own decisions and we should respect those decisions. This is true, but of course that doesn't make it easy to apply in real life. I initially had difficulty accepting that Gideon wouldn't let me drive the Prius and I didn't like when Bryan said I couldn't download FNAF on his PC and that Gideon wouldn't dress up as Ferb. But what is it to me now? Meaningless. Water under the bridge. Because those are really small things. And also I can't force or bend them to my will. People really hate those who force them to do things if you're at the young adult age like me. I mean, unless you ask someone to do that to keep you accountable.

Do I like that Bryan isn't taking his faith seriously? No. Do I like it that some people in our peer class have been coming out less consistently? No, but then again, the ones who stayed are really the real ones, so the experiences just grew more meaningful. Not everyone is gonna stick around for the ride. But those who do are gems. It was hard for me to accept that Ed doesn't want to learn more about Christianity at this point, but it's his choice. I can't make him Christian at gunpoint. That's not love. Sure I wish everyone on Earth followed God, but that's simply not the case.

-

Anyways, enough about that. Let's talk about the personal vlogs and dessert night and last Vanguard meeting and first morning DT. Dessert night was alright, it's just I felt super tense since we're with John and Ellen. I can't just say ANYTHING I feel like saying around them. I don't have enough context for how they're like and it was mainly them directing the conversation. Not that I wanted to steer it myself, since there's more pressure if I do something like that. Or maybe I'm overthinking this. I've been making some personal videos in landscape mode and Sebastian even has some footage. I think it's good not just for recording memories but also self-reflection. Plus, you can make it funny with the editing and add memes or music or catchphrases and stuff.

-

Got some nice vlog footage in the cart. But the last pickup didn't end very well. I got slightly heated. You know how Asia is always very particular about getting picked up and dropped off on time? Well, this time she was like "Where are you going?" and "This is not the shortest route" while I'm drivinig. And idk, I didn't really like being questioned when I'm the driver. Okay, I know I could have taken a shorter route but that didn't occur to me until we were already on the long route so what do you want me to do? U-turn in the middle? Admittedly, I shouldn't have made those underhanded comments. Bc I said "I'm sorry you feel that way" and "I suppose you can drive?" in an attempt to express how I felt without overtly expressing how I felt. I must admit, I was feeling the familiar sensation of slowly seething underneath. My chest was tightening. I felt my eyes watering in anger. I had to remind myself to breathe. Trust me, you don't want to be in a moving vehicle when you're angry. I didn't want to do something I'd regret, like ramming into a tree or a person. It was super scary when Dad was angry and he was driving. He'd tear out of the driveway super fast and not say a word. Especially if he was mad at you, because then you know a lecture would follow.

Jacqueline was saying it wasn't my fault as long as I don't fire shots back at the passenger, because Triton Transit does not promise that passengers will arrive on time (or take the shortest path), only that they'll arrive safely. She also said that if Asia wants to arrive on time, she can just book a ride earlier. That'd be helpful, because I'm not a formula one racer. And also how I had only been driving for about a month, so it's not like I was super experienced. Also there's construction on campus. It might be a little awkward picking Asia up later, but it's all good. I'll just be civil and acknowledge that I didn't mean to get angry and that Asia is right that it wasn't the shortest path but by definition, the Triton Transit only promises certain things.  

Also apparently I have to return to base more frequently if there are long gaps (around an hr or so) or else people get suspicious. Well, not really, it's more like they need people at base for add-ins or those odd jobs that arise like picking someone up from Central Trolley station. Noted, I won't do long FaceTime calls and dine in for BK breakfast anymore 😊

Cold coffee isn't that bad. Especially if it's been sugared reasonably well.

Back to work we go 🙃. Tmrw: Riverside
